I see my wonderful somewhere only with
backs like a piggy internet all my
infected notice nothing i tell them
I did not come back of the head I answer hello
Daddy good screens in the corners glow
how both times I forgot from the eldest daughter
like brown eyes
6 computers in the apartment plus one more
sartin to write from the network without leaving
ipad ipod
maybe I'm going to go and what to bi si si di
di form was smear
kai and you are my friend
read your and apple
swooped nostalgie memory and me
faithful
Springtime in those golden days of the computer
but fun at that in communication at that fun
Well, for the memorable, let us rain then
spring piano was killed and talked
not on soap
you loved in the flesh and various and saws to
we did not climb out of the network
we did not write comments we lived and know
I do not know how many in our world los
dried apricots
let's go iphone
and life passes like a dream and son and daughter
sit in the internet all night a and the darkness of the iphone and
I sit like a fool macbook madad
big poppy small children
no way in the world do you want children in
internet walk there is always like that st
sit what are you sitting there
big angry pedophiles
what daddy say kids retrograde and
obscurantist turn off and contagious
from the nature of the river years and I burn but
I would walk through the woods I walk slowly with
obsolete interface hanging on the go
old gadget to the same eyes
heat but computer generated landscapes this is crap
not germinated
and yesterday from the kitchen in the bedroom
my wife calls me on skype thermal is busy
Well, in general, how are you?
with g3
Already good not tryndi wipe Haifa
let's pour blu-ray
do you speak already on blu-ray
out of pocket and
Hayta live now for two or three thousand
where did you work at us iphone gramophone
ah pi tit 3g